                                   User Guide of Vedant’s Business Game

To use this game, you’ll need an editor like Mu Editor (since this game was created in Pycharm). Additionally, you’ll
need some libraries, such as Random, Json, and Os.

In this game, both players start with 100,000, and the bank has 50,000. You can change these values by editing lines 40,
 41, and 41.

Step one: To start the game, press the run button. It will prompt you to enter the name of the log file. Here, the
Python code will create a file named game2.json, which will contain the full game data. Make sure to name the file
correctly like "game_one" which should not have points or any space.

Step two: The game will then display a welcome message. Enter your name. This is a two-player business game.

Enter Player one’s name:

The game will prompt you again to enter Player one’s name.

Enter Player one’s name: Vedant
Enter Player two’s name: Samyak

Step three: After entering the player names, the game will start and log to game2.json.

                                                   ===== Turn 1 =====

Vedant’s turn. Rolled: 2
Your balance: 100000
Give (g), take (t), skip (n):

Here, if you enter “g”, it will give you money. If you enter “t”, it will take money from you. If you enter “n”, it will
 skip the transaction.

“Enter amount:” you can enter any amount, like 1500.

If you enter “Give to Bank(b) or Player(p):”, you can enter any two letters. “p” means player two, and “b” means bank.

For example, if you enter “Give to Bank(b) or Player(p):p”, it will give money to the player.

If you enter “Give to Bank(b) or Player(p):b”, it will give money to the bank.

The game status will show the current status of each player and the bank.

Step Four: Then, it will show Player Two’s roll and all the rules of the game.

Problems that can occur:

- If the JSON file is not visible, go to another window like the home page. You can come back to the editor and the data
 will be stored.
- Don’t enter “.” points when you are entering the name of the log file. It can work, but the game_history_viewer.py
can’t open it.
- Don't enter both player name the same
- Don’t add space when entering the log file name.

About Game_history_viewer.py
There’s another file named game_history_viewer.py from which we can view the data.
To view the data, run that file and then you’ll see this prompt:

—> Enter Name of Log File:

Then, enter the file name, such as game_one, and you’ll see the history.
